Updates for 100.10 (#68)
Esri/indoor-routing-xamarin: README.md

4. ```git merge upstream/master``` to sync your local `master` branch with `upstream/master`. **Note**: Your local changes will be retained and your fork's master branch will be in sync with the upstream repository.

## Requirements
* [ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET 100.10 or higher](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/latest/)

> * [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/) and the iOS 13 SDK. The latest version of Xcode is preferred

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/) and the iOS 13 SDK. Note, the latest version of Xcode is [required](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/xamarin/ios/get-started/installation/#required-components) by Xamarin.iOS.
```

## Requirements
* [ArcGIS Runtime SDK for .NET 100.9 or higher](https://developers.arcgis.com/net/latest/)

> * [XCode 12 or higher](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/) and the iOS 13 SDK.

Reviewer: I believe Xcode 12 is not yet a requirement for using the iOS SDK. Has the .Net team made this a requirement of the Xamarin.iOS SDK?

```suggestion
* [Xcode 12 or higher](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/) and the iOS 13 SDK.
```

Author: It looks like we don't document a supported version, so probably best not to mention it. I know practice internally is to always use the latest Xcode, because typically Xamarin works best when everything is on latest.

Author: I changed it to : `[Xcode](https://developer.apple.com/xcode/downloads/) and the iOS 13 SDK. The latest version of Xcode is preferred`
